fix: PDF import (#971)
cozy/cozy-ui: react/Viewer/Readme.md

Note :

- The `Viewer` can be used only in a `React Application`. You can't use it with `Preact`.

> - If you want to use the `Viewer` in your app and if you use Webpack, you should add the following alias in your configuration : `react-pdf : react-pdf/dist/entry.webpack.js`. This will make sure a web-worker is used to render PDF files.

Reviewer: A patch code block makes it clearer IMHO.

```patch
+ resolve: {
+   alias: {
+     'react-pdf' : 'react-pdf/dist/entry.webpack.js'
+   }
+ }
```

Note :

- The `Viewer` can be used only in a `React Application`. You can't use it with `Preact`.

> - If you want to use the `Viewer` in your app and if you use Webpack, you have to add an alias in your configuration :`react-pdf : react-pdf/dist/entry.webpack.js`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- If you want to use the `Viewer` in your app and if you use Webpack, you should add the following alias in your configuration : `react-pdf : react-pdf/dist/entry.webpack.js`. This will make sure a web-worker is used to render PDF files.
```
